# Protov1Status


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**type** | **str** | The \&quot;type\&quot; member is a JSON string containing a URI reference [URI] that identifies the problem/response type. Consumers MUST use the \&quot;type\&quot; URI (after resolution, if necessary) as the problem/response type&#39;s primary identifier. When this member is not present, its value is assumed to be \&quot;about:blank\&quot;. | [optional] 
**status** | **int** | The \&quot;status\&quot; member is a JSON number indicating the HTTP status code ([HTTP], Section 15) generated by the origin server for this occurrence of the problem/response. The HTTP status code that corresponds to &#x60;google.rpc.Status.code&#x60;. | [optional] 
**title** | **str** | The \&quot;title\&quot; member is a JSON string containing a short, human-readable summary of the problem/response type. | [optional] 
**detail** | **str** | The \&quot;detail\&quot; member is a JSON string containing a human-readable explanation specific to this occurrence of the problem/response. The \&quot;detail\&quot; string, if present, ought to focus on helping the client correct the problem/response, rather than giving debugging information. | [optional] 
**instance** | **str** | The \&quot;instance\&quot; member is a JSON string containing a URI reference that identifies the specific occurrence of the problem/response. | [optional] 
**extensions** | **List[str]** | Problem type definitions MAY extend the problem details object with additional members that are specific to that problem type. | [optional] 
**code** | [**RpcCode**](RpcCode.md) |  | [optional] [default to RpcCode.OK]

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.protov1_status import Protov1Status

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of Protov1Status from a JSON string
protov1_status_instance = Protov1Status.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(Protov1Status.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
protov1_status_dict = protov1_status_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of Protov1Status from a dict
protov1_status_from_dict = Protov1Status.from_dict(protov1_status_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


