# openapi.model.Protov1Status

## Load the model package
```dart
import 'package:openapi/api.dart';
```

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**type** | **String** | The \"type\" member is a JSON string containing a URI reference [URI] that identifies the problem/response type. Consumers MUST use the \"type\" URI (after resolution, if necessary) as the problem/response type's primary identifier. When this member is not present, its value is assumed to be \"about:blank\". | [optional] 
**status** | **int** | The \"status\" member is a JSON number indicating the HTTP status code ([HTTP], Section 15) generated by the origin server for this occurrence of the problem/response. The HTTP status code that corresponds to `google.rpc.Status.code`. | [optional] 
**title** | **String** | The \"title\" member is a JSON string containing a short, human-readable summary of the problem/response type. | [optional] 
**detail** | **String** | The \"detail\" member is a JSON string containing a human-readable explanation specific to this occurrence of the problem/response. The \"detail\" string, if present, ought to focus on helping the client correct the problem/response, rather than giving debugging information. | [optional] 
**instance** | **String** | The \"instance\" member is a JSON string containing a URI reference that identifies the specific occurrence of the problem/response. | [optional] 
**extensions** | **List<String>** | Problem type definitions MAY extend the problem details object with additional members that are specific to that problem type. | [optional] [default to const []]
**code** | [**RpcCode**](RpcCode.md) |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


