# Protov1Status

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Type** | Pointer to **string** | The \&quot;type\&quot; member is a JSON string containing a URI reference [URI] that identifies the problem/response type. Consumers MUST use the \&quot;type\&quot; URI (after resolution, if necessary) as the problem/response type&#39;s primary identifier. When this member is not present, its value is assumed to be \&quot;about:blank\&quot;. | [optional] 
**Status** | Pointer to **int32** | The \&quot;status\&quot; member is a JSON number indicating the HTTP status code ([HTTP], Section 15) generated by the origin server for this occurrence of the problem/response. The HTTP status code that corresponds to &#x60;google.rpc.Status.code&#x60;. | [optional] 
**Title** | Pointer to **string** | The \&quot;title\&quot; member is a JSON string containing a short, human-readable summary of the problem/response type. | [optional] 
**Detail** | Pointer to **string** | The \&quot;detail\&quot; member is a JSON string containing a human-readable explanation specific to this occurrence of the problem/response. The \&quot;detail\&quot; string, if present, ought to focus on helping the client correct the problem/response, rather than giving debugging information. | [optional] 
**Instance** | Pointer to **string** | The \&quot;instance\&quot; member is a JSON string containing a URI reference that identifies the specific occurrence of the problem/response. | [optional] 
**Extensions** | Pointer to **[]string** | Problem type definitions MAY extend the problem details object with additional members that are specific to that problem type. | [optional] 
**Code** | Pointer to [**RpcCode**](RpcCode.md) |  | [optional] [default to OK]

## Methods

### NewProtov1Status

`func NewProtov1Status() *Protov1Status`

NewProtov1Status instantiates a new Protov1Status object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewProtov1StatusWithDefaults

`func NewProtov1StatusWithDefaults() *Protov1Status`

NewProtov1StatusWithDefaults instantiates a new Protov1Status object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetType

`func (o *Protov1Status) GetType() string`

GetType returns the Type field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTypeOk

`func (o *Protov1Status) GetTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTypeOk returns a tuple with the Type field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetType

`func (o *Protov1Status) SetType(v string)`

SetType sets Type field to given value.

### HasType

`func (o *Protov1Status) HasType() bool`

HasType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetStatus

`func (o *Protov1Status) GetStatus() int32`

GetStatus returns the Status field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStatusOk

`func (o *Protov1Status) GetStatusOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetStatusOk returns a tuple with the Status field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStatus

`func (o *Protov1Status) SetStatus(v int32)`

SetStatus sets Status field to given value.

### HasStatus

`func (o *Protov1Status) HasStatus() bool`

HasStatus returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTitle

`func (o *Protov1Status) GetTitle() string`

GetTitle returns the Title field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTitleOk

`func (o *Protov1Status) GetTitleOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTitleOk returns a tuple with the Title field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTitle

`func (o *Protov1Status) SetTitle(v string)`

SetTitle sets Title field to given value.

### HasTitle

`func (o *Protov1Status) HasTitle() bool`

HasTitle returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDetail

`func (o *Protov1Status) GetDetail() string`

GetDetail returns the Detail field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDetailOk

`func (o *Protov1Status) GetDetailOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDetailOk returns a tuple with the Detail field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDetail

`func (o *Protov1Status) SetDetail(v string)`

SetDetail sets Detail field to given value.

### HasDetail

`func (o *Protov1Status) HasDetail() bool`

HasDetail returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetInstance

`func (o *Protov1Status) GetInstance() string`

GetInstance returns the Instance field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetInstanceOk

`func (o *Protov1Status) GetInstanceOk() (*string, bool)`

GetInstanceOk returns a tuple with the Instance field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetInstance

`func (o *Protov1Status) SetInstance(v string)`

SetInstance sets Instance field to given value.

### HasInstance

`func (o *Protov1Status) HasInstance() bool`

HasInstance returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetExtensions

`func (o *Protov1Status) GetExtensions() []string`

GetExtensions returns the Extensions field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetExtensionsOk

`func (o *Protov1Status) GetExtensionsOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetExtensionsOk returns a tuple with the Extensions field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetExtensions

`func (o *Protov1Status) SetExtensions(v []string)`

SetExtensions sets Extensions field to given value.

### HasExtensions

`func (o *Protov1Status) HasExtensions() bool`

HasExtensions returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCode

`func (o *Protov1Status) GetCode() RpcCode`

GetCode returns the Code field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCodeOk

`func (o *Protov1Status) GetCodeOk() (*RpcCode, bool)`

GetCodeOk returns a tuple with the Code field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCode

`func (o *Protov1Status) SetCode(v RpcCode)`

SetCode sets Code field to given value.

### HasCode

`func (o *Protov1Status) HasCode() bool`

HasCode returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


