# Protov1Status

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**r#type** | Option<**String**> | The \"type\" member is a JSON string containing a URI reference [URI] that identifies the problem/response type. Consumers MUST use the \"type\" URI (after resolution, if necessary) as the problem/response type's primary identifier. When this member is not present, its value is assumed to be \"about:blank\". | [optional]
**status** | Option<**i32**> | The \"status\" member is a JSON number indicating the HTTP status code ([HTTP], Section 15) generated by the origin server for this occurrence of the problem/response. The HTTP status code that corresponds to `google.rpc.Status.code`. | [optional]
**title** | Option<**String**> | The \"title\" member is a JSON string containing a short, human-readable summary of the problem/response type. | [optional]
**detail** | Option<**String**> | The \"detail\" member is a JSON string containing a human-readable explanation specific to this occurrence of the problem/response. The \"detail\" string, if present, ought to focus on helping the client correct the problem/response, rather than giving debugging information. | [optional]
**instance** | Option<**String**> | The \"instance\" member is a JSON string containing a URI reference that identifies the specific occurrence of the problem/response. | [optional]
**extensions** | Option<**Vec<String>**> | Problem type definitions MAY extend the problem details object with additional members that are specific to that problem type. | [optional]
**code** | Option<[**crate::models::RpcCode**](rpcCode.md)> |  | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


